template: index.jade

The following are some examples taken from the textile "Textile Quick Reference":http://redcloth.org/hobix.com/textile/quick.html website.

h1. Writing in Textile

A single paragraph.

Followed by another.

I am <b>very</b> serious.

<pre>
 I am <b>very</b> serious.
</pre>

I spoke.
And none replied.

"Observe!"

Observe -- very nice!

Observe - tiny and brief.

Observe...

Observe: 2 x 2.

one(TM), two(R), three(C).


h1. Quick Block Modifiers

h1. Header1

h2. Header 2

h3. Header 3

Any old text

bq. A block quotation.

Any old text

This is covered elsewhere[1].

fn1. Down here, in fact.


h1. Quick Phrase Modifiers

I _believe_ every word.

And then? She *fell*!

I __know__.
I **really** __know__.

??Cat's Cradle?? by Vonnegut

Convert with @r.to_html@

I'm -sure- not sure.

You are a +pleasant+ child.

a ^2^ + b ^2^ = c ^2^

log ~2~ x

I'm %unaware% of most soft drinks.

I'm %{color:red}unaware% of most soft drinks.


h1. Lists

# A first item
# A second item
# A third

# Fuel could be:
## Coal
## Gasoline
## Electricity
# Humans need only:
## Water
## Protein

* A first item
* A second item
* A third

* Fuel could be:
** Coal
** Gasoline
** Electricity
* Humans need only:
** Water
** Protein

h1. External References

I searched "Google":http://google.com.

I am crazy about "Hobix":hobix and "it's":hobix "all":hobix I ever "link to":hobix!

[hobix]http://hobix.com


h1. Tables

| name | age | sex |
| joan | 24 | f |
| archie | 29 | m |
| bella | 45 | f |

|_.name |_.age |_.sex|
| joan | 24 | f |
| archie | 29 | m |
| bella | 45 | f |


